Grid editor (#118)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/user/src/usage/grid-editor/README.md

# Grid Editor

The grid editor visualizes token and span annotations.

Tokens are the smallest countable units in a data source.
Spans are units that span tokens.
To learn more about how Hexatomic's data model - Salt - defines these units, please refer to the [Salt documentation](https://corpus-tools.org/salt/#documentation).

![Screenshot of the grid editor](grid-viewer.png)

## Data source selection

> A corpus document may contain more than one data source (text, audio, video), which contains annotations.

Reviewer: That's not really true. Data sources do not contain annotations itself, but annotations refer to datasources or other annotated elements.
```suggestion
A corpus document may contain more than one data source (text, audio, video), to which annotations are anchored to.
```

Author: Fixed.

The grid editor displays one of these data sources at a time.

On the upper hand side of the grid editor interface, there is a dropdown menu to select the data source which should be displayed.

> If a document contains only a single data source, it is automatically selected.

Reviewer: When there is more than one datasource, currently none is selected and an error is shown in the console

```
java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException: Index: 0, Size: 0
	at java.util.ArrayList.rangeCheck(ArrayList.java:657)
	at java.util.ArrayList.get(ArrayList.java:433)
	at org.corpus_tools.hexatomic.grid.data.ColumnHeaderDataProvider.getDataValue(ColumnHeaderDataProvider.java:42)
[...]
```

I can provide you with a SaltXML version of the Ridges corpus version 8 for testing.

Author: Please do provide me with the SaltXML for Ridges (for testing). The error has been fixed.
